movie recap this film tells of a boy
named jassy he is the grandson of
schneider
the two of them were hunting in the
forest when he stumbles on a mysterious
staircase deep in the woods in 1997
their disappearance leaves locals
confused about the fate of the stray
couple
twenty years later a group of hikers set
out on the same hiking trail
what is the fate of the group of
climbers will suffer the same fate
this movie begins with a mother and her
child going to their grandmother in a
village
located on the edge of the forest near a
mountain after arriving they seem to
have been waiting for their grandparents
grandfather's name is schneider and
grandson's name is jasmine once there
the grandfather took his grandson to
hunt animals in the forest
after packing things into the car his
mother and grandmother advised him not
to be far from his grandfather
they both get in the car and they rushed
to the forest
[Music]
after arriving the grandfather took
hunting equipment the grandfather
prepared the rifle jassy was also told
to hold the gun
they hurriedly walked along the path
into the middle of the forest
on the way there was a deer jassy was
told to shoot her grandfather taught her
to aim properly
and jassy turned out to be aiming right
at the deer's body rushing her
grandfather and jassy to find the
results of the aim
his grandfather praised his grandson for
his achievements the grandfather said
not to be far from him he ordered to
follow from behind
the grandfather found traces of the
deer's blood and followed the blood
splatter
it was felt that there was more and more
blood there it was possible that the
deer had time to rest and stop around
there
then they suddenly stopped and jas was
talking to some kind of animal and the
skunk was the first to walk in front
when calling for jassy and looking back
he was not there he just realized that
his grandson was missing he came back
and looked for his grandson
meanwhile jazzy was left by her
grandfather instead follow the animal
then the animal ran away and he chased
after it when jassy chased him he
stopped in the middle of the road and
was surprised that in the middle of the
forest there was a unique staircase
then jassy got on it
his grandfather kept looking for his
grandson he returned to the road he had
walked then he found his grandson's bag
and rifle while jassy up the stairs and
down towards the back of the stairs
father panic ran and continued to look
for his grandson so that the grandfather
unexpectedly met the mysterious stairs
then he listened to the sound of his
grandson being pulled for help
his grandson was pulled into a door
behind the stairs by a mysterious person
then his grandfather tried to help him
but they both disappeared and
disappeared mysteriously on the stairs
20 years later somewhere in a rest area
there was a group of people stopping to
pee then they went in to buy drinks and
food they both said that if they wanted
to go to kilometer 20 the two young men
said they wanted to do a hike the shop
guard said you had to bring complete
equipment you have to be careful because
there are small children who often
interfere said the shopkeeper
the mysterious child likes to spread
conspiracies there don't disturb the
child nick thought for a moment he
seemed to be thinking about the child
while the other young man named looks
relaxed with the shopkeeper's words
they both got back into the car the two
of them continued to make their way back
in the middle of the trip nick was
silent i don't know what he was thinking
while chuck asked him is he okay after
arriving at their destination it turned
out that they had been awaited by two
female friends namely jordan and rebica
meanwhile chuck hasn't come yet maybe
he's a little late after meeting each
other and they were so happy because i
haven't seen you in a long time while
waiting for the other friend suddenly
there was a mysterious voice in the
middle of the forest
after a while waiting for chuck to come
nick finally told him that he couldn't
come and was replaced by doug
nick explains that at the bar he met
chuck and he was replaced by doug
after they chat for a while doug appears
with his metal style
when they arrived they parked the car at
the lower camp post
after getting acquainted they packed up
their luggage to take to the hike
because it was 20 miles away
[Music]
the climb began the four of them started
walking down the hiking trail while
telling long stories they continued to
climb through the forest they had
already traveled five hours and it's
still less than five hours when you get
to the second post
they had to arrive within that time
because at post one it was already
evening
and usually spend the night there
doug teases nick because he already
looks exhausted they take short breaks
to recover their energy and unloads
nick's belongings dot and picks his
luggage items that are not really needed
and burdensome are reduced so that it is
a little lighter to carry
after they had enough they continued
their journey back they found some kind
of bear's den but this is a house
made of a pile of wood shape they don't
know what place it is then hurried away
from that place
slowly they continued to climb suddenly
rebecca's shoes weren't to come off then
diane stopped to fix it and while taking
time to drink water
but suddenly
startled by a woman approaching in front
of him barefoot and covered in blood his
face was terrifying he was scared and
covered his face luckily the mysterious
person left immediately rebecca
immediately ran after her friend in the
front row the mysterious voice
reappeared making her panic
she screamed luckily jordan and the
others heard and spontaneously looked
for rebecca who was left behind
rebecca was still in the shadow of the
mysterious person she kept running and
finally she fell
another friend finally found him he
tells that he met a scary woman others
don't even believe it even doug thought
he was drinking alcohol while others
calm him down by giving him water
yet they all did not see the woman
after getting better finally they
resumed climbing again but unexpectedly
doug turned out to go first making
everyone panic and looking for him
they find her bag in clothes and it
turns out
doug turns out to be bathing in the
river the others even want to take a
bath as well however after getting up
doug was bitten by a lot of leeches
then jordan released the leeches that
were stuck all over his body
after wearing their clothes they
hurriedly left the place and continued
their journey
in the middle of the journey they were
surprised by a person who spoke digress
that person is depressed then they
started to approach him it turned out
that the mysterious man was talking to a
woman who was holding a baby
jodin approached the woman and tried to
calm her down while doug saw the man's
head was leaking he told the others to
get some medicine
but the man told them not to interfere
nick looked at the person until he was
about to vomit while rebecca walked away
in fear
jordan took a closer look at the woman
and baby but instead frightened to see
the shape of the face and the baby full
of blood
suddenly the man got angry and told them
to leave he took a gun pointed at them
but instead the gun was shot in his own
neck but strangely the person did not
die the woman also immediately stood up
while holding the baby the baby turned
into a caterpillar but big
the four of them decided to stay away
and run as fast as possible
and decided to stop at a tree that had
rotted
ain't no one of us gonna go back there
that was a baby right the four of them
decided to stop and plan to spend the
night there
nick still didn't seem to believe what
had happened he looked agitated and
wanted to help the baby nick had asked
rebecca if he really saw a woman on the
street exactly the same as the woman
holding the baby
the others had calmed him down in the
end he used to think calmly doug ordered
the drink he brought with him but there
it is strictly forbidden to drink
intoxicating drinks
after dark they pitch their tents they
want to spend the night there because
the journey to the first post is still
far
after finishing setting up the tent and
night came they light a bonfire doug was
busy drinking alcohol
jordan rebecca looked sleepy they both
said goodbye to sleep in the tent
meanwhile doug also wants to sleep even
though his mind is messed up due to
drinking alcohol
niche sleeps first while only one person
stays outside after all fell asleep
doug dreamed that he was in bed with
rebecca he felt like he was real
suddenly a mysterious creature whose
face all mouths came and dragged doug in
a sleeping state into the middle of the
forest
doug was immediately killed by being
bitten by the mysterious creature doug
screamed and his friends all woke up and
checked it turned out to be doug's voice
asking for help
they searched in the tent he was not in
his tent then they searched around the
tent but doug couldn't find it then
proceed with the path of the river to
enter the forest
they wanted to search apart but they
decided to search together
on the way they found shoes and blankets
as well as blood
they are sure that doug is around there
unexpectedly their search is far from
the tent they make a tent
they end up lost in the forest while the
map is still in the tent suddenly from a
distance they saw a bright light
everyone was curious and they tried to
get closer slowly they approached the
light source they all wonder why there
is a ladder in the middle of the forest
then they climb the ladder nick asks his
friend to come down from the ladder
i'm okay with that
nick told his friends to focus on
finding doug just after they were about
to leave niche's friend even went behind
the stairs he told that he found a door
they came to see behind the stairs
because the door is not usually opened
they broke down the door and he fell
inside
nick came in to help his colleague as
they were about to go up and out they
heard a strange sound
like someone's inside they both didn't
go up they both looked for the source of
the sound
they saw the situation inside they were
confused that the place had a lot of big
pita pipes
they were surprised there was a small
child in there the boy asked his
grandfather named schneider
they both heard voices like someone else
then the boy said that the person was a
hunter
that child is jassy the grandson of a
they asked for the exit to jassy he
replied that the door was always moving
they are both heron in the forest there
can be many to hundreds of tanks in the
ground
they kept looking for the exit at the
same time suddenly jassy's body trembled
they asked it turns out that jassy saw a
mysterious hunter whose shape was scary
facing them
then they ran after they found their
door up the exit stairs
nick carrying jassy took him outside but
his friend nick stopped he wanted to see
what it looked like and in the end he
was even killed by the mysterious
creature
finally nick can go out with the little
boy by closing the door tightly
finally nick used to go out with the
little boy by closing the door tightly
while with a pale and sad face he held
the door the mysterious creature kept
banging on wanting to chase nick and the
child
after feeling safe then jordan
approached and asked actually what was
in there he said that our friend died in
there
nick ordered to run and immediately get
out of this forest however the door was
successfully broken down by the
mysterious creature
finally with all their might they ran
away from the strange person's pursuit
in the middle of the trip nick actually
fell in a puddle of mud but it smelled
like carrion everyone wanted to vomit
then they kept running and finally found
a car they managed to get in the car
suddenly rebecca was the last to enter
suddenly the creature bit and pulled her
head from above and she died
nick asked the boy his real name then
the kid said his name was jassy he had a
grandfather named gene schneider
his grandfather was a hunter nick was
confused he remembered that his
childhood friend had the same name and
his grandfather's name was the same
the length of the child is also the same
then nick is shocked and impossible that
this usually happens what's really going
on jordan me nick then told him
everything and it's true that the little
boy was indeed a schoolmate 20 years ago
his grandfather went missing hunting
with the boy it's possible that he
entered into a different dimension but
this is strange but true said nick
when they feel safe they peek through
the window and suddenly the car was
shaken to be overturned nick looks for
something in the car if there is an item
used to kill the mysterious creature
nick finds the long barrel and
ammunition but only four rounds
jordan wanted to distract through the
side door by throwing something hope the
creature chases him
after diverting attention by throwing
kitchen utensils
then the creature looked for him at the
same time the door immediately opened
and seen jordan carrying a gun and then
shot up to four times he didn't die
the mysterious creature immediately
approached jordan and immediately bit
jordan
jordan died on the spot only the little
boy san nick was still alive they later
found a gas cylinder and a flare
then the tube is thrown at him and nick
immediately threw the flare right on his
body the mysterious creature ran with
fire all over its body towards the
mysterious stairs
and finally the mysterious staircase
caught fire with the mysterious person
the next day then the police came to
check the place
nick and the child await further
investigations
and finally jossey's grandmother and
mother found her they were so happy and
couldn't believe that jassy was still
alive
although his physique is still the same
as when he disappeared 20 years ago
and the film's story ends